add local action readme documentation (#14)
githubtraining/lab-use-secrets: .github/actions/check-secrets-action/README.md

> # Check Secrets Action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Check-secrets action
```

> This local action runs whenever a change to the `.github/workflows/use-secrets.yml` is pushed to your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This local action runs whenever a change to the `.github/workflows/use-secrets.yml` workflow is pushed to your repository.
```

There are two inputs necessary for this action to run and provide a grade for this exercise:

> | Input           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Required parameter |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Input           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Required |
```

| --------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------: |

> | secrets-context | This a JSON formatted Object containing the [secrets context](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/context-and-expression-syntax-for-github-actions#contexts) for the repository from which the `use-secrets.yml` was triggered |         ✅         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `secrets-context` | JSON-formatted object containing the [secrets context](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/context-and-expression-syntax-for-github-actions#contexts) for the repository from which the `use-secrets.yml` workflow was triggered |         Yes         |
```

Applying the Microsoft accessibility guidelines regarding the use of emojis.

Author: @lucie-docs Object with a capital O is grammatically correct.  In JavaScript an Object is a noun and is almost always referred to with a capital O in any and all documentation you will come across.

Here is a quick look at [the official spec for JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)

Reviewer: When it's a class yeah. But I believe in this context you're using it as a noun or am I missing something? 🙂 
This is from the link you sent: "Nearly all objects in JavaScript are instances of `Object`; (...)". First occurrence of object is a noun and not capitalized. Second one refers to the class and is capitalized and between ``. I recommend using the same convention so either it's a class and we write it as `Object` or it's a noun and in this case we write it as object.

Author: @lucie-docs fair point.  Small o works for me.  If learners take up issue with it I'm assuming someone will open a PR to fix it.  We get a lot of that with LL courses.

> | your-secret     | The value of this input should be a Personal Access Token containing the repo scope. It should be passed in using repository secrets. **Do not** place the raw value of the Personal Access Token into the `use-secrets.yml` workflow!  |         ✅         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `your-secret`     | The value of this input should be a personal access token (PAT) with a repo scope. This PAT should be passed in the form of a repository secret in the `use-secrets.yml` workflow . **Do not** place the raw value of the PAT into the `use-secrets.yml` workflow!  |         Yes         |
```

## What checks does this action conduct?

> - Counts the number of secrets the repository has to ensure the leaner added a secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Counts the number of secrets the repository has to ensure the learner added a secret.
```

> - Attempts to perform an HTTP request using Octokit and the provided secret to validate that the secret contains a valid PAT.

Reviewer 2: @jonlipsky we discussed this yesterday, turns out we're already doing it! 👀

- Reports errors and failures in the actions runner of the `use-secrets.yml` workflow

> - Sends certain errors and success messages to the `grading.yml` workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sends certain error and success messages to the `grading.yml` workflow
```

> ## What happens with your Personal Access Token?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What happens with your personal access token?
```
Aligning casing to casing in docs and UI.

> A personal Access Token is needed to allow the `use-secrets.yml` workflow to communicate to the `grading.yml` workflow using a [`repository_dispatch`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#repository_dispatch) event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A personal access token (PAT) is needed to allow the `use-secrets.yml` workflow to communicate to the `grading.yml` workflow using a [`repository_dispatch`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#repository_dispatch) event.
```

> There is a built in feature of GitHub Actions that prevents one workflow from triggering another, even through the use of a `repository_dispatch` event, if the authentication for the workflow is provided by the `GITHUB_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A built-in feature of GitHub Actions prevents one workflow from triggering another, even through the use of a `repository_dispatch` event, if the authentication for the workflow is provided by the `GITHUB_TOKEN`.
```

> However, if the first workflow is supplied a [properly scoped](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/repos#create-a-repository-dispatch-event) Personal Access Token, GitHub Actions will allow this workflow to trigger other workflow runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if the first workflow is supplied a [properly scoped](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/repos#create-a-repository-dispatch-event) PAT, GitHub Actions will allow this workflow to trigger other workflow runs.
```

> In the `use-secrets-action` we use [Octokit](https://github.com/octokit) to create the repository dispatch using your PAT as the authentication that allows for one workflow to trigger another. You can read more about the [Octokit method](https://octokit.github.io/rest.js/v18#repos-create-dispatch-event) being used to make this HTTP request if you'd like to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `check-secrets-action` we use [Octokit](https://github.com/octokit) to create the repository dispatch using your PAT as the authentication that allows for one workflow to trigger another. You can read more about the [Octokit method](https://octokit.github.io/rest.js/v18#repos-create-dispatch-event) being used to make this HTTP request if you'd like to learn more.
```

## Summary

> - The PAT you create **stays in your repo**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The PAT you create **stays in your repo**.
```

> - The `use-secrets-action` never exposes the value of the secret you pass into the action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `check-secrets-action` never exposes the value of the secret you pass into the action.
```

> - An HTTP request is made using Octokit with the supplied PAT for authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An HTTP request is made using Octokit with the supplied PAT for authentication.
```

> - A report is generated and displayed in the actions runner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A report is generated and displayed in the actions runner.
```
